Update RPi state of affairs (#15734)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/hassio/hassos_faq.markdown

title: "Home Assistant OS FAQ"
description: "Frequently Asked Questions for Home Assistant OS"
---
## Is USB Boot for the Raspberry Pi 4 supported?

> Due to the complexity of USB and the USB mass storage device class booting from a USB device is brittle. Since booting from a USB drive this process has to be done multiple times (firmware/boot loader and the operating system), there is a high chance that this process doesn't complete in one of these stages. In general, the Linux USB stack is solid. Due to this it is recommended to boot Home Assistant OS from SD card and use a USB attached flash drive as data partition only. The `datactl` command available on the OS shell allows to move the data partition.
> 
> That said, booting Home Assistant OS completely from a USB drive (SSD or any other USB mass storage device) works with *some* USB devices. USB Devices which are known to work with Raspberry Pi OS (check the Raspberry Pi Forum) are more likely to work with Home Assistant OS. However, because Home Assistant OS has also U-Boot in the boot chain, there are devices which are known to work with Raspberry Pi OS but do *not* work with Home Assistant OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the complexity of USB and the USB mass storage device class booting from a USB device is brittle. Since booting from a USB drive this process has to be done multiple times (firmware/boot loader and the operating system), there is a high chance that this process doesn't complete in one of these stages. In general, the Linux USB stack is solid. Due to this, it is recommended to boot Home Assistant OS from an SD card and use a USB attached flash drive as data partition only. The `datactl` command, available on the OS shell, allows moving of the data partition.

That said, booting Home Assistant OS completely from a USB drive (SSD or any other USB mass storage device) works with *some* USB devices. USB Devices that are known to work with Raspberry Pi OS (check the Raspberry Pi Forum) are more likely to work with Home Assistant OS. However, because Home Assistant OS has also U-Boot in the boot chain, there are devices which are known to work with Raspberry Pi OS but do *not* work with Home Assistant OS.
```

> ## Is the Raspberry Pi 4 with 8GB RAM supported?
> 
> The Raspberry Pi 4 with 8GB RAM is supported with Home Assistant OS 5.5 and later using the 32-bit and 64-bit image. The 64-bit is the bettere tested option at this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is the Raspberry Pi 4 with 8GB RAM supported?

The Raspberry Pi 4 with 8GB RAM is supported with Home Assistant OS 5.5 and later using the 32-bit and 64-bit image. The 64-bit is the better tested option at this point.
```
